hi may raise deals with a lot of drama
high school family and a murderous blue
scarab embedded into his back Kaji da
the Scarab was built by the reach an
interstellar race infamous for
subjugating whole planets when not
destroying them now as Blue Beetle hi
Mase struggles to wield a weapon of
destruction as a tool for good the reach
infiltrator is a marksman assassin who
injures from afar and then Sprint's for
the kill his marksman passive is reached
directive disrupt using a skill empowers
his next basic attack with additional
true damage the amount of additional
damage is determined by the targets
current health afterwards disrupt goes
on cooldown for several seconds
energy cannon charges and fires a shot
that deals attack damage to the first
enemy kit the shot will then explode
dealing lesser attack damage to nearby
enemies Blue Beetle can launch his
scarab scanner at a target location
granting vision the Scarab explodes
after a long duration and marks nearby
enemies for a short time alternatively
Blue Beetle can activate the skill a
second time or use his ultimate causing
the Scarab to detonate early damaging
enemies marked by the explosion will
consume the mark and deal additional
true damage as if hit by reach directive
use stick and move to - a fixed distance
while firing four shots at enemies
behind him the shots auto target enemies
and consecutive shots against the same
target field reduced attack damage blue
beetles ultimate is infiltrator mode
which allows him to toggle between
marksmen and
his assassin form has different skills
and a higher move speed additional ranks
of infiltrator mode increased the
potency of all skills in that form
except for each directive in assassin
form his passive becomes reached
directive execute execute functions like
disrupt but its true damage will
increase based on the targets missing
health reach directive uses the same
cooldown in either forms use lethal
measures to dash to an enemy and deal
attack damage while applying on-hit
effects including execute use
hypersonics to emit a loud blast that
fears drones and creatures for a short
time if hypersonics hits enemy champions
it reduces their damage and marks them
for several seconds damage a marked
champion to consume the mark and deal
true damage as it affected by reach
directive attack with mandible taser to
deal attack damage and severely reduce
the targets move speed for a few seconds
because scarab scanner and hypersonic
supply true damage like reach directive
level the passive early for more
frequent true damage energy cannon is
great for poking and enemy champions and
can be used to last-hit drones while its
secondary area damage can be useful to
harass enemies behind drones try landing
direct hits for max damage you can set
up vision with scarab skin placing it in
stealth pads while you fight drone waves
to use it offensively mark all targets
with scarab scanner and follow up with
energy cannon to damage your targets and
activate reach directive try to save
stick and move from moments when you
need to escape as it's a strong
deterrent against chasing enemies use
infiltrator mode when one or more enemy
champion
are low on health lethal measures has a
low cooldown so it can be used
frequently to gap close especially
against low-health targets mandible
Tasers hi slow can help chase a fleeing
enemy but can also be used as an
emergency escape if an enemy champion
uses an escape skill when hit with
mandible taser you can follow up with
lethal measures if enemy drones stand
between you and the fleeing champion use
hypersonics to clear out nearby enemy
drones and follow up with lethal
measures Blue Beetle skills at a
moderate pace so strong early credit
gain is vital essential artifacts
include Joe chills revolver soultaker
katana and Deathstroke's clearly
huntresses crossbows cooldown reduction
helps activate reach directive more
often Batman's utility belt provides a
nice boost to health and further
cooldown reduction moreover it's active
skill purge is useful when slowed by
enemy champions blue beetles x-ray
vision grants 30 credits for each
surveillance camera destroyed while the
skill is active this can be used for
efficient camera clearing that reduces
the enemy's vision while accruing
credits kick some butt and murder
indiscriminately as the reach
infiltrator blue beetle
[Music]